# 🗣️ Intro
- This is a project based on the [ChatGPT-Shortcut](https://github.com/rockbenben/ChatGPT-Shortcut). It makes some changes to show some records of debates between GPT bots.
- This is a pure front-end showcase page that does not contain any model, data, training process, or login and platform sharing features in the original ChatGPT-Shortcut project. This project has no commercial purpose.
- There have been many good attempts on GPT debates, such as [AI-talk](https://space.bilibili.com/405083326) on bilibili or on YouTube: [Watch GPT-4 Debate with Itself! (About whether it is an AGI)]( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OdixRqJsA_4)
- You can vote for the bot you support!
- Icon generated by ChatGPT+DreamShaper
- Experience the site: [GPT Debate](https://thinkwee.top/debate/)

# ⚠️ Warning
- This project is only an experimental project, not an actual usable application or product
- All facts mentioned in the debate have been reviewed, but the possibility of factual errors cannot be excluded
- In order to defend arguments (especially counterfactual arguments), GPT may falsify facts
- **Do not use the answers generated by GPT as a basis for any practical applications and decisions**

# 💡 Discovery
- This project aims to explore the linguistic and logical capabilities of GPT through debate, which is a challenging and discursive language application, and to explore whether human thought can be fitted by probability.
- Many interesting scenarios can be designed to observe how the GPT gives its optimal solution, such as
  - Limiting the debate to one sentence at a time
  - Designing a counterfactual debate question
  - Introduce a third GPT as a referee
  - Three-way or even n-way debates
  - Provide only the background, the GPT finds the opinions and designs the debate questions
- When will one GPT bot be persuaded by another GPT bot
  - Human participation in the debate
  - and more

# 🗺️ Roadmap
- [x] Show debate cards
- [x] Human can vote
- [ ] Cards showing prompt and author
- [ ] Contribute Langchain
- [ ] More types of cards:
    - [ ] Multi-party debates
    - [ ] GPT referees
    - [ ] Human Participation
    - [ ] Persuasion
- [ ] Multilingual

# 📝 Prompt
- As an example of a single-sentence debate:
- The background prompt given to GPT is similar to: "You are a professional debater on the top level. Now you are participating in a special debate, and you may not speak more than one sentence at a time. You will be given a topic and your side's point of view, and you will be asked to defend it logically with quotations. You will first have to present your point of view, and then you will get several rounds of explanation from your opponent, and you will have to keep refuting him until you convince him. Remember, no more than one sentence per statement. All responses will be presented in English."
    - After that, the argument is given: "The debate is entitled: {}. Your side's argument is supporting/opposing it."
    - After that, pass the argument between two GPT bots: "The other side speaks:" {}", please rebut him, still speak no more than one sentence. Do not repeat your side's point of view. Do not repeat the previous statement. Find as many holes as possible in your opponent's point of view. Whenever possible, present new evidence to attack the other side."
- More prompts templates TBD

# 🫶 Template and Contribute
- Feel free to provide debate questions directly through issues
- src/data/data_transform.py provides a simple script that transforms the gpt debate process such as "src/data/new_debate" into the json format supported by the site's cards.
    - The first line is the card title
    - The second line is the debate topic
    - Each subsequent line is a single statement from the debate between gpt's.
- LangChain type scripts TBD
